Remove custom iproute2 fork (#26221)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/contributing/release/backports.rst

   target branch.

#. For backporting commits that update cilium-builder and cilium-runtime images,

>    the backporter should build new images as described in :ref:`update_cilium_builder_runtime_images`.

Reviewer: Use clear, plain language to give clear, confident directions
```suggestion
   the backporter builds new images as described in :ref:`update_cilium_builder_runtime_images`.
```
